Q1. How does CI(Jenkins) help DevOps practices?
CI/Jenkins helps DevOps practices by enabling rapid testing/building of code commited to a git repository. Using Jenkins, developers can commit code to a repository, which 
through automation, immediately triggers a test and build of the committed code. This allows developers to submit smaller blocks of code and receive rapid feedback. Additionally,
it allows on their code to be integrated with the most up-to-date codebase submitted by other developers, allowing for the rapid identification of potential compatability issues.
Using CI, automation can be built into the development process, saving time and reducing the amount of time required to package/deploy software. Through automation, after each commit, 
the code can be merged and tested, and even deployed to a test/production environment without any human intervention. This rapid/continuous integration/deployment enables a shift left
for developers and operations and saves countless hours of time in the development/deployment process.

Q2. What are the alternate ways for Jenkins plugins?
Without plugins for Jenkins, there would have been multiple steps that would have required either manual effort, or a re-design of the script used to automate the deployment of Jenkins. 
The first major re-design would have been the initial deployment and configuration of Jenkins that was performed by the Jenkins Container as Code JCASC. Since I deployed Jenkins as a 
container, the casc.yaml file set up my Jenkins environment's tools, security settings, and environment variables such as ports. I also used the git, BlueOcean, and job workflow Scripts
which allowed me to quickly pull code from the GitHub repo, create a pipeline job with multiple stages, and visualize the completed job in BlueOcean. Without all of these plugins, to achieve 
full automation, I would have likely needed to use curl scripts and the Jenkins API, along with some manual interaction with Jenkins to achieve a higher level of automation.